1;Matthew;11;28;30;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest;Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
2;John;3;16;0;For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son;For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
3;James;1;5;6;If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God;If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not and it shall be given him. But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed.
4;James;2;17;18;Faith, if it hath not works, is dead;Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone. Yea, a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: shew me thy faith without thy works, and I will shew thee my faith by my works.
5;Alma;32;21;0;Faith is not a perfect knowledge;And now as I said concerning faith—faith is not to have a perfect knowledge of things, therefore if ye have faith ye hope for things which are not seen, which are true.
6;Helaman;5;12;0;Remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, that ye must build your foundation;And now, my sons, remember, remember that it is upon the rock of our Redeemer, who is Christ, the Son of God, that ye must build your foundation, that when the devil shall send forth his mighty winds, yea, his shafts in the whirlwind, yea, when all his hail and his mighty storm shall beat upon you, it shall have no power over you to drag you down to the gulf of misery and endless wo, because of the rock upon which ye are built, which is a sure foundation, a foundation whereon if men build they cannot fall.
7;Moroni;10;4;5;When ye receive these things, ask God;And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true, and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost. And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things.
